This paper contains data taken with the NEID instrument, which was funded by the NASA-NSF Exoplanet Observational Research (NN-EXPLORE) partnership and built by Pennsylvania State University.  S.M. is the NEID Principal Investigator.  J.T.W. and P.R. serve as NEID Instrument Team Project Scientists.  F.H. is the NEID Project Manager.  We thank the NEID Queue Observers and WIYN Observing Associates for their skillful execution of NEID's nighttime observing programs and careful monitoring of NEID's calibration exposures.

NEID is installed on the WIYN telescope, which is operated by the NSF's National Optical-Infrared Astronomy Research Laboratory (NOIRLab).  The NEID archive is operated by the NASA Exoplanet Science Institute at the California Institute of Technology.  Part of this work was performed for the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, sponsored by the United States Government under the Prime Contract 80NM0018D0004 between Caltech and NASA.

This paper is based in part on observations at Kitt Peak National Observatory, NSF’s NOIRLab, managed by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA) under a cooperative agreement with the National Science Foundation. The authors are honored to be permitted to conduct astronomical research on Iolkam Du’ag (Kitt Peak), a mountain with particular significance to the Tohono O’odham.

Deepest gratitude to Zade Arnold, Joe Davis, Michelle Edwards, John Ehret, Tina Juan, Brian Pisarek, Aaron Rowe, Fred Wortman, the Eastern Area Incident Management Team, and all of the firefighters and air support crew who fought the recent Contreras fire. Against great odds, you saved Kitt Peak National Observatory.

The Center for Exoplanets and Habitable Worlds and the Penn State Extraterrestrial Intelligence Center are supported by Penn State and the Eberly College of Science.  Computations for this research were performed on the Penn State’s Institute for Computational and Data Sciences' Advanced CyberInfrastructure (ICDS-ACI).  This content is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the views of the Institute for Computational and Data Sciences.